
2025-09-22
status
working on re-writing the whole system based on the way that the ex storage system works

using ExStoreTest2026

this project - just got the creation and storage of the data to work + created an alternate
to test re-using the schema

found:
schema can be re-used to create a new entity.  but the new entity cannot be stored in the
original DS object as this process re-places the entity rather than adds the new entity to the
DS object - because the same schema was used.

the alternative, to re-use a schema is to store the new entity in a new DS object

this will cause the creation of "many" DS objects (relatively) but, since many entities were
going to be created, this is not a big issue to me.  however, it does mean that extra work will need
to be done in order to find / use the entities as they will be spread out in many
DS objects.  the option here is to read all data at the beginning and save back as needed








The basic routines for creating / writing / reading the ex storage information works.

However, due to a bug in revit, schema's do not get deleted.  
This leads to an error as old schema get found that have been erased but do not get erased.

development stopped until this gets fixed.

problem show when locks get written / erased / written / erased - 

notes:

process:

to write:
create the data
create the schema from the fields that define the data
create a data storage element
load the data storage element with the data per the schema
store the DS element in the created entity.



2025-09-14: restarted development
the above "but" has not been "fixed" exactly.  but the extensible storage can be used.

alternative system:
1. note that schema cannot be deleted but can be replaced.
2. therefore, schema must have a unique name and GUID.
	> but the name must be findable.
	> so, the name must be a constant prefix + a variable suffix (version),
		so that it can be found by using "startswith"
3. however, schema should not need to be replaced in general
	> if replaced, the old data storage must also be erased and replaced.
	> this also means that the data storage element must have a constant prefix + variable suffix (version)
		as well as a unique GUID each time.
4. instead, the data within the entity within the data storage element can be updated.


